Enable common backend scripts to compute merge-base for feature branch pipelines (#280)
IBM/dbb: Templates/Common-Backend-Scripts/README.md

### 4.2 - dbbBuild.sh

This script implements the invocation of the [zAppBuild](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild) framework. 

> Per it's design it is following the recommended working practice. It makes use of the [baselineRef sub-option](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/blob/documentation-review/docs/BUILD.md#perform-impact-build-by-providing-baseline-reference-for-the-analysis-of-changed-files) provided by zAppBuild to set the baseline Git hash. This is used to identify all the merged changes for the upcoming deliverable (that can be a planned release, a emergency fix, or a significant development initiative)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By design, the script implements the recommended working practice. It makes use of the [baselineRef sub-option](https://github.com/IBM/dbb-zappbuild/blob/documentation-review/docs/BUILD.md#perform-impact-build-by-providing-baseline-reference-for-the-analysis-of-changed-files) provided by zAppBuild to set the baseline Git hash. This is used to identify all the committed changes for the upcoming deliverable (that can be a planned release, a emergency fix, or a significant development initiative)
```

### 4.3 - Script utility - dbbBuildUtils.sh

The [dbbBuildUtils](utilities/dbbBuildUtils.sh) script is a core utility script providing the `computeBuildConfiguration()` method to compute the zAppBuild's options and parameters according to the branch naming conventions. For instance

* `build type`, such as the `--impactBuild` zAppBuild build option,
  * the baseline reference, `--baselineRef xxx`, where *xxx* is retrieved from the baselineReference.config file for integration branches, 
* the configured topic branch build behavior (see parameter `featureBranchBuildBehaviour` in pipelineBackend.config), that can either be configured as

>   * `merge-base` (default) for cumulative builds or all the changes added to the feature branch that flow to the integration branch. This setting automatically computes the merge-base commit, which defines the commit when the feature branch was forked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `merge-base` (default) for cumulative builds that include all the changes added to the feature branch that flow to the integration branch. This setting automatically computes the merge-base commit, which defines the commit when the feature branch was forked.
```
